So it's create a function in order to determine what the correct answer is.
So do function.
Correct answer is.
And we don't need to pass any parameters because they're all going to be sitting within these elements.
So all we need to do is simply loop through these elements
and let's grab them document we'll use query selector all and we're going to grab all of the divs that
are within that select answers.
We do it the same way as we see here within our c us and lots of console log.
So before we loop through them all and let's grab this one here and whenever we click an answer will
see that we can loop through all those elements and put them into the console.
And this should actually be the full function there.
So we loop through the node list
and if we've got more than one we can see that are note list is all four.
So we're grabbing all four of those.
So now it's just a matter of checking the attributes on each and every one of those.
So we can loop through all the elements.
Let's do good old fashioned for loop for X equals zero and we're going to loop while Elle's length
and then increment x.
So here what we need to do is we need to check
what the value of that particular element is.
And if the attribute is so do get attribute
so first would just make sure that we're actually Graben although attributes.
So see there we've got false true false false.
So that's working.
Let's turn this into a condition.
So if and this is a string value again.
So just keep that in mind.
So if it's true then we can just return and we can return whatever the value is of this particular element
whatever that enraged MLS.
And we'll just do it in a text
and over here let's say console log out our response
so we can actually see it.
So click click one of these Avatar is correct.
So it doesn't matter which when we click we're getting the correct one.
So there we go.
So that's how we can figure out what the correct answer is.
So now we can what we can do is we can overwrite all of these elements so overwrite all of the options
and just say correct answer was or wrong correct answer was whatever.
So let's do that then.
And maybe what we'll do is we'll pull the Selecta answers put it globally
and within here what we can do is we can just wipe out whatever value is contained within there.
So select answer enter h to Moul and then equal that to whatever our messages
so great or we can do correct bunch of explanation marks and score is equal to that.
The other option is that we want to grab this and say wrong it was and then here is where we want to
get the correct answer.
So it's too variable
so a correct answer value is within this function.
And the reason I'm doing it up here is because see over here we're overwriting that enraged him.
So it's not really that great.
That's not the right time to really make that function.
So we'll see what happens.
So have any known living species of hyenas are there.
So do six.
Wrong it was for true or false wrong.
It was true.
So I'm not doing too great.
Correct.
And we could also add in that correct answer there as well.
So it always does and doesn't hurt.
And you can even do even more you can add in some styling.
Make it read make it whatever green for correct for wrong.
So now it's up to you so you've got a fully functioning application.
We should also move this button.
Maybe we could move it to the top or to the bottom because it doesn't really look that great there or
maybe we could hide it and then show it whenever where we're ready to click for more.
So whenever it gets clicked.
So whenever button gets clicked we fire off and there really is just always things that you can do.
Always things that you can add an update.
So let's update the display properties for the button so that style display and we'll set it to none.
And then over here once they make a selection then we'll set it back to block.
So once we do correct answer we're going to give them the option to continue the game.
And over here we'll just set it to block.
So all of this is going to do is this is just a little bit of a tweak on the application just to make
it a little bit more functional.
So that actually disappears so they can't just keep hitting next next next.
They actually have to answer the question.
So whatever they answer then they get the option to click the button and questions are pretty much and
less and keeping score up here.
So you can have a lot of fun with API.
And this is just one example of some of the really cool things you can do with API.
So go ahead try this for yourself.
Update the code and definitely add some styling.
Make it look a whole lot better.